If you hadn't saved me from the flood
I was dead a long time ago.
If not you
Since reducing my life expectancy by 20 years to continue my life
Give me life over and over again
How could I be here today?
Mom.
We have had a mother for over 20 years.
Even though I've severed ties with you.
But it's just a temporary measure.
I wanted to be my first husband.
Then stand firm.
Please come back here to enjoy yourself, Mom.
It's too late.
What do you say now?
I won't believe it.
Mom, if you really have a heart, don't have children.
Do you remember?
I didn't understand anything when I was a kid.
I almost got lost.
You don't mind looking for me all night.
You said you like to eat the waffle cake of the village next door.
I ran ten miles to buy it back for you.
That year you opened a tofu brain stall.
I'll read and write right next to you.
We live together in Lac Phuong village.
Have you forgotten?
Mom.
That's the past.
Now you're blindfolded by power.
Forgetting the original intention
Day in Lac Phuong Village
It really reminds me.
It's that simple.
Not anymore.
What you did.
It makes me completely cold.
Let our mother's love divide.
To the end
Lady, I really know I'm wrong.
You forgive me this time.
I I
I'll never do that shit again.
Could you please give me another chance?
Van Hieu
Life is like a flag.
One wrong step
The whole defeat.
Hope you remember.
Next time.
Mom.
I will definitely listen to your mother next time.
No.
next life
I hope you are a good son.
Mom.
The Queen
You can't take me.
I'm the adopted daughter of the princess.
The future will be a prince.
He would later become emperor.
Who dares to kill me?